Add a new section on community drivers (#44)
neo4j-documentation/labs-pages: modules/community-drivers/pages/index.adoc

[[community-drivers]]
= Using Neo4j with Community Drivers
:description:
:examples: https://github.com/neo4j-examples

== Neo4j Community projects

In addition to the officially supported drivers, you can find their Community alternatives.
Links to their relevant resources are provided below.

> Members of the each programming language community have invested a lot of time and love to develop each one of the community drivers for Neo4j, so if you use any one of them, provide feedback to the authors.

Reviewer: Maybe? 

```suggestion
Members of the each programming language community have invested a lot of time and love to develop each one of the community drivers for Neo4j, so if you use any one of them, please provide feedback to the authors.
```

[IMPORTANT]
====

> The Community Drivers have been graciously contributed by the Neo4j community.

Reviewer: Drivers is written with lowercase in other parts of this same page. Also, I think the way the sentence is written sounds a bit weird. Maybe something like this: The Community drivers are a contribution of the Neo4j community?

[cols="1,5"]
|===
| icon:github[] Source       | https://github.com/DotNet4Neo4j/neo4jclient
| icon:gift[] NuGet Package  | https://nuget.org/packages/neo4jclient
| icon:user[] Authors        | http://twitter.com/cskardon[Charlotte Skardon^] http://twitter.com/tathamoddie[Tatham Oddie^]
| icon:book[] Docs           | https://github.com/DotNet4Neo4j/Neo4jClient/wiki[]
| icon:play-circle[] Example | {examples}/movies-dotnet-neo4jclient
| Protocol                   | Bolt, Http
|===

[#neo4j-driver-extensions]
==== Neo4j.Driver.Extensions

`Neo4j.Driver.Extensions` provides a set of extension methods to the official driver API, aiming at reducing boilerplate and easing mapping to entity classes.

[cols="1,5"]
|===
| icon:github[] Source       | https://github.com/DotNet4Neo4j/Neo4j.Driver.Extensions
| icon:gift[] NuGet Package  | https://nuget.org/packages/neo4j.driver.extensions
| icon:user[] Authors        | http://twitter.com/cskardon[Charlotte Skardon^]
| icon:book[] Docs           | https://xclave.co.uk/2020/10/06/using-neo4j-driver-now-you-can-extend-it/[Introduction blogpost]
|===

[[javascript-community-drivers]]
=== JavaScript Community drivers

[#js2neo-lib]
==== js2neo

> As a demonstration of a minimal JavaScript based bolt driver, Nigel Small put together https://js2neo.org/[js2neo^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a demonstration of a minimal JavaScript-based bolt driver, Nigel Small put together https://js2neo.org/[js2neo^].
```

[[python-community-drivers]]
=== Python Community drivers

> For anyone working with https://www.python.org/[Python^], the Neo4j community have contributed a range of driver options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For anyone working with https://www.python.org/[Python^], the Neo4j community has contributed with a range of driver options.
```

These range from lightweight to comprehensive driver packages as well as libraries designed for use with web frameworks such as https://www.djangoproject.com/[Django^].

> While Python 3 is preferred, some drivers still support Python 2, thus check with the individual project if you need it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Python 3 is preferred, some drivers still support Python 2, thus check if you need it in your project.
```
